# backend-configuration

**Backend Configuration** serves as the essential Docker environment tailored to host all remote services meticulously developed by our team. This repository encompasses critical configurations necessary for seamless deployment and management of our backend services.

## Usage and dependencies

**Backend Configuration** requires **Docker** and **Docker Compose** for running services.
Firstly, clone the repository with submodules:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:eagletrt/backend-configuration.git --recurse-submodules
```

Then, build local images and pull services:

```bash
sudo docker compose build
sudo docker compose up -d
```

## Environment variables files

### `.env` file 
- `NGINX_LOGS_DIR`: Directory path where **Nginx** will place logs 
- `NGINX_LETSENCRYPT_DIR`: Directory path generated by **Certbot**, which contains the **TLS** certificates
- `API_CONF_FILE`: Configuration file path of **Telemetry API** (Pivetta)
- `MONGO_ROOT_USERNAME`: Root username of **MongoDB** instance
- `MONGO_ROOT_PASSWORD`: Root password of **MongoDB** instance
- `INFLUX_LOGGER_CONF_FILE`: Configuration file path of **Influx Logger**

- `NGINX_LOGS_DIR`: This variable specifies the directory path where **Nginx**, our robust web server, will store its logs for easy monitoring and troubleshooting.
- `NGINX_LETSENCRYPT_DIR`: Here, we define the directory path where **Certbot**, our certificate management tool, stores the **TLS** certificates ensuring secure communication between clients and servers.
- `API_CONF_FILE`: Points to the configuration file path for our **Telemetry API** (Pivetta one), enabling flexible setup and customization.
- `MONGO_ROOT_USERNAME`: Sets the root username for accessing our **MongoDB** instance, an integral part of our backend infrastructure.
- `MONGO_ROOT_PASSWORD`: Specifies the root password for authentication and access control within our **MongoDB** environment.
- `INFLUX_LOGGER_CONF_FILE`: Denotes the configuration file path for `Influx Logger`, facilitating efficient logging and data management capabilities.

### `.eagle-app.env`
For additional environment variables specific to `EagleApp`, please refer to the [environment variables documentation of `EagleApp`](https://github.com/eagletrt/eagle-app/blob/main/README.md#environment-variables)

